- * ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR
* ONE, TWO, THREE,
FOUR, FIVE, SIX *
* TAKE IT, DUDE
*
* ONE, TWO, GO
* ONE, TWO, THREE
* GO, GO
*
- * BIG THICK MUSCLES
- FREDDY, YOU ARE SO DAMN HOT.
MAKE LOVE TO THAT LENS,
MAKE LOVE TO IT, GO ON.
FUCK IT, THAT'S IT.
BEAUTIFUL. BEAUTIFUL.
I LOVE IT!
*
- COME ON.
- ALL RIGHT.
- THERE'S A TABLE RIGHT HERE.
- OKAY.
- [chuckles]
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT'S
BEEN A WHOLE YEAR ALREADY?
- SINCE WHAT?
- MM.
KING OF BABYLON CONTEST.
- IT ALWAYS SEEMS LIKE
SUCH A BIG DEAL AT THE TIME,
AND THEN, LIKE, A WEEK LATER,
YOU CAN'T EVEN
REMEMBER WHO WON.
- ANGEL ESCOBAR.
5'10", 175,
28" WAIST, 9" COCK,
AND A BIRTHMARK IN THE SHAPE
OF PLACIDO DOMINGO
IN HIS INNER RIGHT THIGH.
- WOW, YOU WERE
PAYING ATTENTION.
- SHOULD I BE JEALOUS?
- NO.
- THINK I'LL SKIP DESSERT.
- MAN, WHO CARES ABOUT
A BUNCH OF STEROID GYM BUNNIES
DANCING AROUND
IN THEIR JOCKS ANYWAY?
- WELL, CONSIDERING YOU FUCKED
ALL OF LAST YEAR'S CONTESTANTS:
YOU.
[laughter]
- GOD, WHO WOULD DO THAT?
- WHO WOULDN'T FUCK BRIAN?
- NO.
I MEAN STRIP IN FRONT OF ALL
THOSE PEOPLE.
- FOR 1,000 BUCKS
AND A TRIP TO THE BAHAMAS?
A LOT OF GUYS.
- ESPECIALLY
WHEN YOU'RE ON DRUGS.
PLEASE, YOU'LL DO ANYTHING.
OOPS, SORRY.
- BLAKE ACKNOWLEDGES
HIS ADDICTION,
AND HE'S WORKING ON IT.
- I'VE BEEN GOING TO MEETINGS
AT THE GAY AND LESBIAN CENTER.
- MY, MY, AREN'T WE
A BUSY LITTLE BEE?
SO, UM, WE'LL ALL MEET
IN FRONT OF BABYLON, 10:00?
- I DON'T KNOW, I DON'T THINK
DAVID'S GOING TO WANT TO GO
'CAUSE IT'S KIND OF LATE.
- DOES HE ALREADY HAVE
HIS TEETH IN A GLASS BY THEN?
- I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW HE GETS UP
AT 6:00 EVERY MORNING
AND RUNS FIVE MILES,
WHILE YOU'RE STILL IN BED.
- I FEEL THAT'S WHERE
I GET MY BEST CARDIO WORKOUT.
- I'M SURE HE WOULD GO
IF I WANTED HIM TO.
- UH-HUH.
- IT'S TRUE!
- ALL RIGHT,
THEN MAKE SURE HE'S THERE.
- ALL RIGHT, I WILL.
- OKAY.
- GREAT.
- FINE.
- SO YOU COMING?
WELL, BABYLON ISN'T EXACTLY
A DRUG-FREE ENVIRONMENT.
- YOU KNOW,
BLAKE'S A BIG BOY.
WHY DON'T YOU LET HIM DECIDE?
- I'M FINE.
REALLY.
- WE'RE IN.
- HOORAY!
ONLY IT'S STARTING TO FEEL
PERILOUSLY LIKE A COUPLES NIGHT,
SEEING AS I'M
THE ONLY SINGLE BOY LEFT.
- EXCUSE ME, WHAT THE FUCK
DO YOU THINK I AM?
- ARE WE GOING TO BABYLON?
- [laughs]
- WHAT?
- THOSE JEANS ARE ALL WORN
AND TOO TIGHT.
- WHAT?
- [mumbles]
I SAID THOSE JEANS
ARE ALL WORN AND TOO TIGHT.
HOW COME I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU
IN THEM BEFORE?
- I ONLY WEAR THEM WHEN
I DON'T HAVE CLEAN CLOTHES.
- WELL, YOU MUST STOP DOING
LAUNDRY IMMEDIATELY.
- [chuckles]
- HEY...
DO YOU FEEL LIKE GOING OUT?
TONIGHT'S THE KING OF BABYLON
CONTEST.
- OH, MICHAEL,
I'M TOO OLD FOR THAT SHIT.
- NO, YOU'RE NOT.
- YES, I AM.
- LOOK, IF THE GUYS SAW
HOW INCREDIBLY SEXY YOU LOOK
IN THOSE JEANS,
THEY'D PROBABLY STOP, UM--
- WHAT?
- NOTHING, NEVER MIND.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE SAID ANYTHING.
- NO, NO, NO.
FINISH WHAT
YOU WERE GOING TO SAY.
- I BET THEY'D STOP MAKING JOKES
ABOUT ADULT DIAPERS
AND DENTURE CREAM AND...
PENILE IMPLANTS.
- PENILE IMPLANTS?
- WELL, HEY,
YOU SAID IT YOURSELF,
YOU'RE TOO OLD FOR THIS SHIT.
[techno music]
*
- I KNEW
THEY WOULDN'T COME.
MICHAEL PROBABLY
HAD TO GIVE THE OLD MAN
A PROSTATE MASSAGE.
- THERE ARE WORSE WAYS
TO SPEND A SATURDAY NIGHT.
- HEY, BOYS.
SORRY WE'RE LATE.
HAD TO WAIT FOR DAVID
TO FINISH HIS 1,000 SIT-UPS.
- YEAH.
- WOW.
DAVID, YOU--
YOU LOOK...GREAT.
I MEAN,
IT'S GREAT TO SEE YOU.
- YEAH!
- WHOO!
WHOO!
- OKAY, ENOUGH OF THIS.
LET'S GO INSIDE WHERE
THEY HAVE SOME MORE JEANS.
- YEAH, WHY DON'T YOU
GO BEFORE US?
*
- * TAKE ME NOW
* TAKE ME NOW
* AH-AH
* AH AH
- HEY, LET'S HAVE A DRINK.
ON ME.
- NO, I THINK I'M GOING TO
GO CHECK OUT THE DANCE FLOOR.
- YEAH, ME TOO.
- SAME HERE.
- THANKS ANYWAY.
- GUESS I WON'T BE WINNING
ANY POPULARITY CONTEST TONIGHT.
- IT'S NOT YOUR PROBLEM.
IT'S THEIRS.
COME ON.
- HEY, DUDE.
- HOW'S IT GOING?
- HAVEN'T SEEN YOU AROUND.
- I'VE BEEN AWAY.
- WELCOME BACK.
NEED A FAVOR?
- NO, THANKS.
- WHO'S THAT?
- NOBODY.
MY DEALER.
EX-DEALER.
- I KNEW WE SHOULDN'T
HAVE COME HERE.
- IT'S OKAY.
I'M OKAY.
LOOK, YOU HAVE TO TRUST ME,
OKAY?
- I DO.
LET'S DANCE.
*
- GENTLEMEN AND GENTLEMEN,
WELCOME OUR HOSTESS
FOR THE EVENING,
HER ROYAL RUDENESS,
SHEBA,
QUEEN OF BABYLON.
[cheering]
*
- [grunts]
GOTTA MAKE SURE
THE ROYAL TITS ARE INTACT.
[laughter]
ALL RIGHT, BOYS, GO AWAY.
GO PLAY WITH YOURSELVES.
CH-CIAO.
[laughter]
[sighs]
WELCOME TO THE 73rd ANNUAL
ACADEMY A...
OOPS, WRONG SHOW.
WELCOME TO THE KING OF
BABYLON CONTEST...
[cheers and applause]
WHERE THE COMPETITION
IS STIFF
AND SO ARE
THE CONTESTANTS.
BUT DON'T FRET, BOYS,
YOU CAN STILL SIGN UP
TO DROP TROU AND WIN A THOU.
ALL RIGHT, OUR FIRST CONTESTANT
IS "FOUR ALARM FRED."
HE'LL, UH, LIGHT YOUR FIRE
AND PUT IT OUT.
[cheers and applause]
*
- SHAVED CHEST, PEC IMPLANTS.
STEROIDS.
HAIR CLUB FOR MEN.
- YEAH, IT'S SAD, ISN'T IT?
ALL THESE OLDER GUYS,
STILL PARTYING
WAY PAST THEIR PRIME.
THEY DON'T KNOW WHEN TO STOP.
- OH.
- SO HOW ABOUT THE REAL THING?
- CHECK BACK WITH ME
IN AN HOUR.
- WHAT?
SO NOW I'M A BACKUP PLAN.
WHO YOU DO
WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS?
- HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO
TELL YOU, WE'RE NOT A COUPLE.
MICHAEL AND DAVID
ARE A COUPLE.
LINDSAY AND MELANIE
TED AND WHAT'S-HIS-NAME
ARE A COUPLE.
- YEAH, SO WHAT ARE WE,
BRIAN?
- I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU,
BUT I'M SINGLE.
*
- THE INFORMATION DESK
AT THE NORTH END OF THE MALL.
YOUR SON JONATHAN IS
WAITING FOR YOU.
- HEY.
- HELLO.
- SO WHAT ARE YOU INTO?
- A LITTLE SHOPPING.
DINNER, A MOVIE.
THE NEW JULIA ROBERTS.
I JUST LOVE HER.
- YOU, UH,
WANT TO DO SOMETHING?
- I'M SORRY, BUT PUBLIC
RESTROOMS AREN'T MY SCENE.
[zips fly]
- THEN HOW ABOUT WE GO
SOMEPLACE ELSE?
*
- GOD, THE MUSIC'S
SO LOUD IN HERE.
YOU CAN BARELY
HEAR YOURSELF THINK.
[music stops]
OH, THAT'S BETTER.
I DON'T KNOW WHY I INSISTED
ON COMING HERE.
IT'S ALWAYS THE SAME.
THE GUYS WHO ARE INTERESTED IN
ME, I'M NOT INTERESTED IN THEM.
AND THE ONES I'M INTERESTED IN,
WELL, AREN'T INTERESTED IN ME.
AHH.
*
[classical music]
[synchronized finger snaps]
- GENTLEMEN AND GENTLEMEN,
CONTESTANT NUMBER TWO,
OFFICER O'REILLY.
HE'S VERY ARRESTING,
DON'T YOU THINK?
OFFICER, I JUST GOT
A PARKING TICKET.
STRIP-SEARCH ME!
*
- THE PROBLEM WITH THIS CONTEST
IS THAT IT EXPOSES
THE SINGLE, MOST TRAGIC FLAW
OF GAY CULTURE.
- IT EXPOSES A LOT MORE
THAN THAT, DOC.
- AND THAT IS OUR ALMOST
PATHOLOGICAL OBSESSION
WITH YOUTH, BEAUTY,
AND SMOOTH, MUSCULAR BODIES.
- I KNOW, WHAT A SHAME.
- AND UNTIL WE BREAK FREE
OF OUR STUNTED ADOLESCENCE
AND OUR SUPERFICIAL VALUES,
WE'LL ALWAYS BE BOYS,
NEVER MEN.
- GOD, IS THAT ALL?
- I HAPPEN TO FIND
WHAT DAVID IS SAYING
TO BE PROFOUNDLY INSIGHTFUL.
- I FIND IT TO BE
PROFOUNDLY FULL OF SHIT.
AN OPINION PUT FORTH AS TRUTH
BY A BUNCH OF
HYPOCRITICAL, JEALOUS,
GUILT-RIDDEN, SELF-LOATHING,
MIDDLE-AGED,
SEXUALLY FRUSTRATED,
PSEUDO-INTELLECTUAL FAGS
WHO WISH THEY WERE STRAIGHT.
- [laughs]
*
- SHOW ME!
[cheers and applause]
*
- DO IT!
- SO WHY DON'T YOU SIGN UP?
- 'CAUSE I DON'T NEED TO
DANCE AROUND IN MY UNDERWEAR
TO GET LAID.
- OR MAYBE YOU CAN'T HANDLE
THE COMPETITION.
[chuckles]
- OH, MY GOD,
HE'S GOING TO SIGN UP.
- NO, HE WON'T.
NO WAY.
- HE IS.
- OUR NEXT CONTESTANT
IS MOHAMMED.
HE'S A MASTER YOGA INSTRUCTOR
FROM RIPT GYM.
HE CAN PERFORM
"AUTO FELLATIO."
WHAT THE FUCK'S THAT?
IF THAT'S GIVING A BLOW JOB
IN YOUR CAR,
THEN I'M A MASTER TOO.
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
*
SHIT, I'M STARTING TO WILT,
AND I'VE STILL GOT
THE BEST PECS CONTEST
AT BOYTOY TOMORROW.
MM, WHAT'S WITH THE LONG FACE,
SWEETHEART?
- NOTHING.
THIS GUY.
- HMM. AIN'T IT ALWAYS?
SO WHAT DID THIS GUY DO?
- HE TAKES ME FOR GRANTED.
- A WALKING WET DREAM LIKE YOU
COULD HAVE ANYONE HE WANTS.
- I KNOW.
THAT'S THE PART I FIND
SO IRRITATING.
- MAYBE HE NEEDS TO KNOW IT.
MAYBE EVERYBODY
NEEDS TO KNOW IT.
- HEY, DEB. TELEPHONE.
- IF IT'S PUBLISHER'S
CLEARING HOUSE,
TELL THEM I WON THE SWEEPSTAKES
LAST YEAR.
- IT'S YOUR BROTHER.
- OH!
HEY, VIC.
WHAT'S UP, HONEY?
- DON'T PANIC.
I'VE BEEN ARRESTED.
- WHAT?
- I SAID DON'T PANIC.
- ALL RIGHT.
- AND DON'T TELL ANYBODY.
NOBODY. NOT EVEN MICHAEL.
- WHAT HAPPENED?
- I WAS AT THE MALL,
I WENT TO PEE.
- WELL, WHAT ARE THEY CHARGING
YOU WITH, NOT FLUSHING?
- INDECENT EXPOSURE.
- INDECENT--
WHAT THE HELL'D YOU DO,
WAG IT AT SOMEBODY?
- I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING,
SIS, I SWEAR.
CAN YOU COME DOWN?
I'M AT THE ZONE 8 STATION
ON LIBERTY AND GRANT.
- I'M LEAVING RIGHT NOW,
ALL RIGHT?
JUST STAY CALM.
- AND COULD YOU BRING MY MEDS?
I SHOULD'VE TAKEN THEM
AN HOUR AGO.
- YEAH, DON'T WORRY.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ANYTHING.
- PLEASE, SIT DOWN.
- YEAH, SIT DOWN.
YOU TOO, SIT.
*
[classical music]
- I CAN'T EXPLAIN IT.
IT'S AS THOUGH...
- WE'VE KNOWN EACH OTHER
ALL OUR LIVES.
- EXACTLY.
AS--AS IF YOU'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR ME...
- AND I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOU.
- TWO HALVES
OF THE SAME SOUL...
- THAT HAVE FINALLY MET.
- IT'S WILD.
LOOK, I-I KNOW THIS IS
RIDICULOUSLY FORWARD OF ME...
I MEAN, I MEAN, WE
HARDLY KNOW EACH OTHER.
BUT WOULD YOU MIND,
THAT IS VERY MUCH, IF I--
- GO RIGHT AHEAD.
[moaning]
[applause]
- WAS THAT ALL RIGHT, MY LOVE?
- IT WAS LIKE CHRISTMAS...
AND NEW YEAR'S
AND MY BIRTHDAY,
ALL ROLLED UP INTO ONE.
- NOT THE FOURTH OF JULY?
- WELL, I'M SAVING THAT
FOR YOU.
- [moans]
[fireworks exploding]
*
- I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- WHERE YOU GOING?
- BATHROOM.
- DO YOU THINK IT'S A GOOD IDEA
TO LET HIM GO ALONE?
- WOULD YOU LIKE ME
TO HOLD IT FOR HIM?
- NO, I MEAN, AFTER
WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME.
- IT'S CALLED TRUST.
- YEAH, YOU CAN TRUST HE'LL
END UP IN THE EMERGENCY ROOM.
- MAYBE HE WON'T.
MAYBE HE'LL DISAPPOINT
ALL OF YOU
AND ACTUALLY BE ALL RIGHT.
- WHEN YOU WERE A BOY,
DID YOU SAVE THE BIRDS
WITH THE BROKEN WINGS?
- WHAT DID YOU DO,
TEAR THEM OFF?
- EVERYBODY,
I WANT YOU TO MEET
A VERY SPECIAL SOMEONE.
- I'M BRENT.
- BRENT.
- HI, BRENT.
- HI.
- HELLO, WELCOME.
ANYONE WHO'S SPECIAL TO EMMETT
IS SPECIAL TO US.
- WHO?
- EMMETT.
THAT'S ME, DARLING.
- HOW LONG HAVE
YOU TWO KNOWN EACH OTHER?
- WELL, IN THIS LIFE,
ONLY A BRIEF WHILE.
BUT, UH, BUT I BELIEVE
THAT IN PAST LIVES,
WE'VE KNOWN EACH OTHER
MANY TIMES BEFORE.
DON'T YOU?
- IT'S THE ONLY EXPLANATION
FOR HOW WE COULD
HAVE SO MUCH IN COMMON.
- YOU CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
WE BOTH LOVE BRAD PITT.
- CLINIQUE FOR MEN.
both: ESPECIALLY WHEN
THEY'RE HAVING A SALE.
- GREEN ONION-FLAVORED
POTATO CHIPS.
- AND OUR FAVORITE SONG...
IS SOMEWHERE OUT THERE.
- NOW THAT'S UNCANNY.
- WELL, COME AND HAVE
A DRINK WITH US.
*
HEY, WHAT'S UP?
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
- EMMETT KNOWS SOME GUY
FOR ALL OF 15 MINUTES
AND HE'S PRACTICALLY
A FRAT BROTHER.
BLAKE YOU CAN
BARELY SPEAK TO.
- WELL, MAYBE
THAT'S BECAUSE...
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
"SO, YOU NEARLY KILLED
MY FRIEND."
"HEY, I HEAR YOU PASSED OUT ON
THE BATHROOM FLOOR.
YOU WANT TO BE BUDS?"
YOU KNOW, I FIGURED IF ANYONE
COULD'VE GIVEN HIM A CHANCE,
IT WOULD'VE BEEN YOU, MICHAEL.
[doorbell rings]
- HOLD ON, JESUS!
I'M COMING.
[knocking]
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
- I'VE BEEN CALLING,
BUT THERE'S NO ANSWER.
- OH, WE TURN THE PHONE OFF
AT NIGHT.
IT WAKES GUS UP.
- I'M--I'M SORRY TO BE
COMING BY SO LATE.
VIC'S IN JAIL.
both: WHAT?
- HE SAID HE WAS AT THE MALL,
HE WENT TO THE MEN'S ROOM,
AND THE NEXT THING
IS THEY ARRESTED HIM
FOR INDECENT EXPOSURE.
- INDECENT EXPOSURE?
- YEAH, HE SWEARS
HE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
BUT HE NEEDS A LAWYER,
AND I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE TO--
- NO, NO, IT'S OKAY,
I'M GOING TO GO GET DRESSED.
- WELL,
IF HE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING,
WHY DID THEY ARREST HIM?
- IT'S HARASSMENT
OF GAY PEOPLE.
COPS JUST LIKE PLAYING
"CAPTURE THE FAG."
- WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
YOU THINK VIC DID SOMETHING?
- I WAS JUST ASKING--
- YEAH, WELL, I'M TELLING YOU,
I KNOW MY OWN BROTHER.
AND IT'S CRAP.
- LISTEN,
IT'S GOING TO BE OKAY.
I'M GOING TO GO GET DRESSED,
BUT WE BETTER GET A MOVE ON.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
*
- YOU SAID TO CHECK BACK
WITH YOU IN AN HOUR.
- I STILL HAVE
EIGHT MINUTES LEFT.
*
- * I'M THE BOSS NOW
- HE HAS ZITS ON HIS ASS,
A TRAGIC ENDOWMENT,
AND IS JUST GETTING OVER
A NASTY CASE OF GONORRHEA.
- UH-HUH.
- * I'M THE BOSS NOW
* HEY, HEY
- WELL, IF I WERE YOU,
I WOULDN'T WAIT TOO LONG.
BY THEN
I MAY HAVE OTHER PLANS.
*
- * I'M STRONGER NOW
- SO WHAT'S WITH YOU ANYWAY?
- NOTHING.
- WHO'S YOUR, UH, FRIEND?
- NOBODY.
- YOU LOOK PRETTY TIGHT TO ME.
SO HOW COME YOU DIDN'T
INTRODUCE US?
- HE WOULDN'T LIKE YOU.
- MAYBE HE WOULD IF I, UH...
OFFERED HIM A FAVOR.
- YEAH, WELL,
HE'S NOT INTERESTED
IN ANY OF YOUR FAVORS.
- GREAT STUFF.
GREAT PRICE.
- AND I TOLD YOU,
NEITHER AM I.
- * I'M THE BOSS NOW
* I'M THE BOSS NOW
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- PROBABLY JUST
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE,
LOITERING OUTSIDE
THE MEN'S ROOM.
- DID YOU COME
TO CHECK UP ON ME?
- COURSE NOT.
I JUST SEEM TO MEET
THE CUTEST GUYS HERE.
- 'CAUSE I TOLD YOU,
I'M FINE.
- I KNOW.
- COME ON, LET'S, UH...
GO FIND THE OTHERS.
- LET'S NOT.
I'D RATHER JUST BE WITH YOU.
- GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES,
AND THIS BLONDE PREFERS
GENTLEMEN IN LEATHER.
A BIG HAND FOR DWAYNE.
[cheers and applause]
*
[Tchaikovsky's
Nutcracker Suite]
- I'VE ALWAYS DREAMT ABOUT
LIVING IN A LITTLE COTTAGE.
- WITH A GARDEN OUT BACK?
- WHERE I CAN GROW
LAVENDER AND DAFFODILS,
AND WEAR A BIG SUN BONNET,
LIKE MY AUNT BELLE,
THAT TIES UNDER THE CHIN.
- AND WE'LL COOK
GOURMET MEALS.
- SEASONED WITH
OUR VERY OWN HERBS.
- AND ON SNOWY EVENINGS, WE'LL
CURL UP IN FRONT OF THE FIRE
WITH BIG MUGS OF HOT TEA.
- AND--AND IN THE SUMMER,
WE'LL TAKE LONG, LAZY WALKS
DOWN A SUN-DAPPLED
COUNTRY LANE.
- IT'S HEAVEN.
- BLISS.
- I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
DON'T GO AWAY.
- I'LL BE WAITING RIGHT HERE.
*
[techno music]
- YOU HAD ENOUGH PULSATING,
GRINDING FLESH FOR ONE EVENING?
- I'M READY TO GO
WHENEVER YOU ARE.
- NO, YOU CAN'T LEAVE YET.
YOU'LL MISS MY BIG NUMBER.
- OH, RIGHT, LIKE YOU'D
REALLY GO THROUGH WITH IT.
- WELL, IF YOU LEAVE NOW,
YOU'LL NEVER KNOW.
- DWAYNE!
[cheers and applause]
IF DWAYNE BECOMES KING,
HE'LL BE THE RULER BY WHOM
ALL OTHERS ARE MEASURED.
I OUGHT TO KNOW,
I MEASURED HIM MYSELF.
[laughter and cheers]
RIGHT. OUR NEXT CONTESTANT
LIKES YOUNGER MEN.
HIS FAVORITE PASTIME
IS FEELING SUPERIOR.
HIS SPECIAL SKILL
IS MANIPULATING PEOPLE.
[scattered boos]
- MUST BE YOU.
- LET'S PUT OUR HANDS TOGETHER
FOR PITTSBURGH'S HUNKIEST
CHIROPRACTOR,
DR. DAVID CAMERON!
[cheers and applause]
- YOU ASSHOLE.
- DR. CAMERON.
PAGING DR. CAMERON.
- I THOUGHT YOU WERE
SIGNING UP YOURSELF.
- NOW WHY WOULD
I WANT TO DO THAT,
WHEN YOU KNOW
I FIND THIS OBSESSION
WITH YOUTH AND ABS AND SEX
SO APPALLING?
- YOU DON'T HAVE
TO GO UP THERE.
- DON'T WORRY,
I HAVE NO INTENTION OF IT.
- THANK GOD.
YOU WOULDN'T WANT TO MAKE
A FOOL OF YOURSELF
DANCING AROUND
IN YOUR UNDERWEAR AT YOUR AGE.
- DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT, DOC,
IT WAS JUST A JOKE.
- WELL, YOU THINK
I CAN'T DO IT?
AT MY AGE?
- PAGING DR. CAMERON!
OH, PFFT...
MOTHER OF GOD!
DR. CAMERON?
[cheering]
crowd: DR. CAMERON!
DR. CAMERON!
[chanting continues]
- DAVID.
[club music]
*
- WHOA.
[cheering]
[wild cheering]
- HE ISN'T.
[cheering]
- YES, HE IS.
- WHOA.
- OW!
*
- OH, HEY.
- YOU WANNA COME WITH ME?
- WHERE ARE WE GOING?
- WELL, I TALKED
TO YOUR LAWYER.
- EXCUSE ME, SERGEANT?
WE'RE HERE TO SEE--
- VICTOR GRASSI.
- GRASSI.
OH, UH, SORRY, LADIES.
YOU HAVE TO COME BACK LATER.
HE'S STILL BEING PROCESSED.
- BUT I'M HIS SISTER.
- AND I'M
MR. GRASSI'S ATTORNEY.
COULD YOU JUST TELL ME HOW MUCH
HIS BAIL IS SET AT?
- $5,000.
- WHAT?
- $5,000?
- ISN'T THAT HIGH
FOR A FIRST OFFENSE?
- SAYS HERE HE'S GOT
A PREVIOUS ARREST.
- FOR WHAT?
- POSSESSION OF
AN ILLEGAL SUBSTANCE.
- [sighs]
- HE WAS PULLED OVER.
IT WAS TEN YEARS AGO.
THERE WAS A JOINT
IN THE GLOVE COMPARTMENT.
IT WASN'T EVEN HIS.
- THEN WHY DIDN'T HE
SAY SOMETHING?
- BECAUSE EVEN WHEN
WE WERE KIDS,
HE NEVER SQUEALED ON ME.
LOOK, OFFICER.
MY BROTHER'S VERY SICK.
HE'S GOT TO TAKE HIS MEDS.
- WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM?
- HE'S H.I.V. POSITIVE.
- OH, FIGURES.
- EXCUSE ME?
- NO DRUGS ALLOWED
IN THE HOLDING CELL
UNTIL THE PRECINCT DOCTORS
EXAMINE HIM.
- BUT THESE ARE
PRESCRIPTION MEDICATIONS.
HIS LIFE DEPENDS ON IT.
- WELL, IF HE'S SO SICK,
WHAT WAS HE DOING
HANGING OUT
IN A PUBLIC MEN'S ROOM?
- TAKING A PISS.
- JESUS.
COME ON.
*
- OW, AH!
- YOU ARE SO CUTE.
- YOU HAVE GREAT ABS.
- UH, WELL, THEY'RE--
THEY'RE ESSENTIAL FOR, UH,
STRONG BACK SUPPORT
AND GOOD POSTURE.
- CALL ME.
- YEAH, PLEASE.
- ANYTIME.
- I'LL MAKE IT
SO WORTH YOUR WHILE.
- DO YOU MIND?
HE'S ALREADY TAKEN.
WELL, I SUPPOSE
YOU'RE PLEASED WITH YOURSELF.
WIPE THAT GRIN OFF YOUR FACE.
PUT YOUR SHIRT ON!
- MICHAEL...
- I DON'T WANT TO HEAR
ANOTHER WORD ABOUT IT.
COME HERE.
*
- CAN I ENTER THE CONTEST?
YEAH.
- MAY I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION,
BOYS AND BOYS?
THE NEXT CONTESTANT LOVES
THE POWERPUFF GIRLS,
MARGARITAS, AND OLDER MEN
WHO TAKE HIM FOR GRANTED.
HERE'S JUSTIN!
[cheers and applause]
*
- OH, MY GOD!
- YOU GO, BABY!
*
- WHOO!
- * STALK HIM IN THE HALLS
* THEY TEASE HIM
WITH CAT CALLS *
* HE'S A COMBINATION
* TOM CRUISE
* ZACK O'TOOL
* HIGH SCHOOL
* HIGH SCHOOL CONFIDENTIAL
- NO, WAIT.
*
- * HIGH SCHOOL
* HIGH SCHOOL
CONFIDENTIAL *
*
* WHAT'S THAT MAN
* DOING WITH HIM
* IT'S THAT GUY
* AND HE'S SCREWIN'
WITH HIM *
* CAN YOU FEEL
* THE SEX AND SWEAT
* HE'LL MAKE YOU
CREAM YOUR JEANS *
* SO YOU WON'T FORGET
* HIGH SCHOOL
CONFIDENTIAL *
*
* HIGH SCHOOL
CONFIDENTIAL *
*
* WHAT'S THAT MAN
* DOING WITH HIM
* IT'S THAT GUY
* AND HE'S SCREWIN'
WITH HIM *
* CAN YOU FEEL
* THE SEX AND SWEAT
* HE'LL MAKE YOU
CREAM YOUR JEANS *
* SO YOU WON'T FORGET
* HIGH SCHOOL
CONFIDENTIAL *
*
* HE DRIVES
A LOADED JEEP *
* WITH SEATS IN THE BACK
* IF YOU DON'T
DO HIM SOON *
* YOU'LL HAVE
A HEART ATTACK *
* WHEN HE FLASHES
YOU A LOOK *
* YOU WANNA BURN HIS BOOKS
* GIVE UP HIGH SCHOOL
* WELL, WELL, WELL, WELL
* HIGH SCHOOL
CONFIDENTIAL *
*
* HIGH SCHOOL
CONFIDENTIAL *
*
* HIGH SCHOOL
CONFIDENTIAL *
*
* HIGH SCHOOL
CONFIDENTIAL *
- WHERE WERE YOU?
I WAS STARTING TO WORRY.
- SORRY.
I GOT HUNG UP.
- THAT'S OKAY.
GAVE ME
MORE TIME TO MISS YOU.
AND BE EVEN HAPPIER
NOW THAT YOU'RE BACK.
IS THAT COLOGNE?
- HUH?
I GUESS SO.
- I DON'T RECALL
YOUR EVER WEARING COLOGNE.
- I JUST STARTED.
- IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
YOU SEEM A LITTLE DISTANT.
- EVERYTHING'S FINE.
- OKAY.
NOW WHERE WERE WE?
UM, OH, YES,
IN OUR CUTE LITTLE COTTAGE.
- NO, WAIT.
I CAN'T LIE TO YOU.
WE'VE MEANT TOO MUCH
TO EACH OTHER FOR THAT.
I'VE MET SOMEONE NEW.
- NEW?
WE'VE ONLY BEEN TOGETHER
AN HOUR AND 45 MINUTES.
- LOOK, I DIDN'T MEAN
FOR IT TO HAPPEN, I SWEAR.
I NEVER, NEVER MEANT
TO HURT YOU.
[wild cheering]
- DRAW, COWBOY!
DRAW!
[cheering, excited shouting]
- EMMETT!
WAIT.
- HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?
TO US?
AFTER ALL THAT WE SHARED?
- PLEASE, DON'T MAKE THIS
HARDER THAN IT HAS TO BE.
- YOU SAID THAT
YOU NEVER FELT SO CLOSE
TO ANYONE IN YOUR WHOLE LIFE.
THAT WE WERE
TWO HALVES OF THE SAME SOUL.
- THINGS CHANGE.
PEOPLE CHANGE.
- I HAVEN'T CHANGED.
I STILL LOVE YOU.
- IN TIME, PASSION DIES.
YOU HAVE TO ACCEPT IT
AND MOVE ON.
- FINE.
GO! MOVE ON.
WHO'S STOPPING YOU?
- I'LL REMEMBER YOU...
ALWAYS.
- YEAH, HOW LONG IS THAT?
TILL TOMORROW?
I GAVE YOU THE BEST MINUTES
OF MY LIFE, YOU--
[dramatic music]
*
- SO YOU GOT THE NIGHT SHIFT,
HUH, SERGEANT?
I DID THE SAME THING
AT THE DINER.
MIDNIGHT TO 8:00.
IN ADDITION TO 8:00 TO 4:00.
16 HOURS STRAIGHT
TO HELP PAY FOR
MY BROTHER'S MEDICAL BILLS.
BUT YOU DO THAT, YOU KNOW,
WHEN SOMEONE
IN YOUR FAMILY'S SICK.
IS THERE ANYBODY IN YOUR FAMILY
WHO NEEDS ATTENTION?
- MY SISTER'S A DIABETIC.
[clears throat]
SHE GOT IT
WHEN SHE WAS ABOUT TEN.
- YEAH, SO HOW'S SHE DOING?
- THEY CUT HER LEG OFF
A FEW YEARS AGO.
NOW SHE'S LOSING HER SIGHT.
- GOD BLESS HER.
SO I IMAGINE YOU'D SWIM
THE ENGLISH CHANNEL
TO BE THERE FOR HER, HUH?
- ACTUALLY, WE DON'T SEE MUCH
OF EACH OTHER.
WE NEVER GOT ALONG.
NOW DO YOU MIND?
I'M TRYING TO WORK HERE.
- IT'S A FEW PILLS.
IT'S A FEW FUCKING PILLS.
- IT'S OKAY.
- HOW THE HELL
ARE WE GONNA GET $5,000?
[cheering]
- I BELIEVE WE HAVE A WINNER.
EVERYBODY, DOWN ON YOUR KNEES,
WHERE I KNOW
YOU ALL WANT TO BE,
FOR THE NEW
KING OF BABYLON.
HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS...
JUSTIN!
[cheering]
- WHOO!
[triumphant music]
*
- ME?
- YOU.
KING JUSTIN.
*
all: JUSTIN! JUSTIN! JUSTIN!
[chanting continues]
[cheers and applause]
- WHOEVER THAT ASSHOLE IS
WHO'S BEEN IGNORING YOU,
HE WON'T BE TAKING YOU
FOR GRANTED ANYMORE.
- THANK YOU.
THANKS.
[cheers and applause]
[club music]
*
DID YOU SEE ME?
- YEAH, I SAW YOU.
- WELL?
- I THINK THAT CONTEST
WAS RIGGED.
- YOU KNOW HIM?
- YEAH.
I TAUGHT HIM
EVERYTHING HE KNOWS.
- EXCEPT HOW TO DANCE.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
I'D ASK HIM, ONLY I'M SURE
HE DOESN'T KNOW.
- SHAWN.
- YOU'RE HOT.
I WAS WATCHING YOU.
- YOU WERE?
- YOU MADE ME WANT TO FUCK
ALL NIGHT.
YOU WANT TO GET OUT OF HERE?
- YOU LEAD.
- I THOUGHT WE HAD PLANS.
- IF YOU COULDN'T DO BETTER.
I TOLD YOU
I MIGHT HAVE PLANS TOO.
- WHAT'S HIS PROBLEM?
- HE'S JUST MY STALKER.
- I SUPPOSE WE COULD
HAVE A THREE-WAY,
ONLY HE'S KINDA OLD.
- [chuckles]
WE'RE ALSO KINDA LEAVING.
*
WAS HE THROWING HIMSELF
ALL OVER YOU?
*
- EXCUSE ME,
BUT AREN'T YOU THE PERSON
WHO SAID ABOUT AN HOUR AGO
THAT THEY'D HAD ENOUGH
OF THIS PULSATING,
GRINDING FLESH
AND WANTED TO GO HOME?
- WHAT'S THE RUSH?
- THERE'S NO RUSH.
I JUST THOUGHT
YOU DIDN'T APPROVE.
YOU KNOW,
ALL THE MISPLACED EMPHASIS
ON SMOOTH, MUSCULAR BODIES,
THE OBSESSION WITH YOUTH,
AND THE SHALLOW VALUES.
- WELL, MAYBE I WAS BEING
A LITTLE JUDGMENTAL.
- TRY HYPOCRITICAL.
- WHO'S BEING JUDGMENTAL NOW?
- JUST BE HONEST.
DON'T PUT SOMEONE DOWN
FOR DOING SOMETHING
YOU'VE ALWAYS WISHED YOU COULD
DO, BUT DIDN'T HAVE THE GUTS.
I'M GOING HOME.
- MICHAEL.
- THERE'S MICHAEL.
- SO?
- WELL, SO...
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN HIM ALL NIGHT.
DON'T YOU WANT TO--
- I ALREADY TOLD YOU,
I'D RATHER BE WITH YOU.
- I KNOW, BUT...
IS THERE SOME SORT OF...
- WHAT?
- PROBLEM
ON ACCOUNT OF ME?
- OF COURSE NOT.
- BECAUSE IF THERE IS,
I DON'T WANT TO COME
BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS.
- YOU'RE NOT.
AND EVEN IF YOU WERE,
IT WOULDN'T MATTER.
- LOOK.
DON'T SAY THAT.
I DON'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING
TO HURT YOU.
IF I EVER THOUGHT
I WAS GONNA COME
BETWEEN YOU
AND YOUR FRIENDS...
- IF A FRIEND OF MINE
HAS A PROBLEM WITH YOU,
ALL IT MEANS IS HE WAS NEVER
REALLY MY FRIEND TO BEGIN WITH.
- * A BEAUTIFUL ROOM
* A PERFECT WASTE
* ALL DUST UP
AND BEAUTIFUL *
* FOR A POISONOUS TASTE
* EAT THIS LOVE THAT TAKES
* AND NEVER GIVES
* DRINK THIS HEART
THAT ACHES *
* AND NEVER LIVES
* WHAT A BEAUTIFUL RUIN
* THAT WE COULD BE
- [muttering]
- MICHAEL!
- MA, MELANIE,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- WHERE'S BRIAN?
- I WAS HOPING
MAYBE YOU COULD HELP.
- WELL, I WOULD, DEBBIE,
BUT I CAN'T REALLY OPEN A BANK
ON A SATURDAY NIGHT.
- MAYBE CREDIT CARDS?
- NO, THE MAXIMUM WITHDRAWAL
AT AN ATM IS $500.
- I CAN COVER IT.
CAN THEY TAKE A CHECK?
- ONLY IF IT'S CERTIFIED.
- SHIT!
COULD THEY MAKE IT
ANY MORE FUCKING DIFFICULT?
- OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT,
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO CALL
A BAIL BONDSMAN.
*
- IF YOU CALL THIS NUMBER,
MENTION THIS GUY'S NAME,
HE'LL PUT UP THE BAIL
FOR YOU.
- WHAT WAS THAT ALL ABOUT?
- I ASKED DINO
FOR A FAVOR.
- THANK YOU.
OH...
THANK YOU, UM...
- BLAKE.
AH, THANK YOU, I'M DEBBIE.
OH! OH, OH, THANK YOU!
THAT'S SOME FRIEND
YOU'VE GOT.
- YEAH, I LIKE TO THINK SO.
- OH, THANK YOU!
WHERE'D YOU FIND HIM?
- IT'S A LONG STORY, DEB.
- THANKS.
- NO PROBLEM.
- LOOK...
I'M SORRY IF I'VE BEEN...
SHITTY.
- IT'S BECAUSE
YOU CARE ABOUT TED.
SO DO I.
- DID I MISS SOMETHING?
- NO.
- WHAT?
- NO. NOTHING.
- NOTHING.
- OKAY, WE'RE ALL SET.
LET'S GO.
- THANKS AGAIN!
- I DIDN'T DO IT, OKAY?
I DIDN'T DO IT.
- JESUS CHRIST, SIS,
I TOLD YOU NOT TO TELL ANYONE.
- THERE'S NOTHING
TO BE ASHAMED OF, UNCLE VIC.
WE KNOW YOU'RE INNOCENT.
- I JUST WANT TO GO HOME.
CAN WE PLEASE GO HOME?
- YES, I'LL TAKE YOU HOME
RIGHT NOW.
BUT FIRST I WANT YOU
TO TAKE YOUR MEDS.
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO GET
YOUR MEDS TO YOU ALL NIGHT.
- IT'S ALL RIGHT, THE DESK
SERGEANT GAVE ME MY PILLS.
- LET'S GO.
- I DON'T THINK
I'VE EVER SEEN YOU SO JEALOUS.
- I AM NOT JEALOUS.
- OH, NOW WHO'S
BEING DISHONEST?
- WELL, HOW WOULD YOU FEEL
IF YOUR BOYFRIEND
WAS BEING OGLED
BY EVERY FAG IN TOWN?
- IT SO HAPPENS, HE IS.
- OH, I AM, YEAH.
- CONSTANTLY.
ONLY YOU NEVER NOTICE.
- YEAH. OH, YEAH. THAT'S
MY PROBLEM, FAULTY GAYDAR.
- LUCKY FOR ME.
- SO NOW THAT YOU'VE PROVEN TO
EVERYONE HOW HOT YOU ARE,
EVEN AT YOUR AGE,
I SUPPOSE YOU'RE GONNA
BE OUT PARTYING EVERY NIGHT.
- NOT EVERY NIGHT.
[chuckles]
BUT IT WAS NICE
TO GET THE ATTENTION,
TO KNOW
I'M STILL ATTRACTIVE.
I MUST ADMIT,
HOT YOUNG MEN
WITH SMOOTH, MUSCULAR BODIES
HAS A CERTAIN APPEAL.
BUT THERE ARE OTHER THINGS.
WORK, MY SON...
AND YOU.
- SAY, BEFORE
YOU HANG THESE JEANS UP
UNTIL NEXT LAUNDRY DAY,
HOW ABOUT DOING
A LITTLE DANCE FOR ME?
*
- * I'M SO HOT
* OOH, OOH-OOH-OOH
* MOVE A LITTLE
BIT CLOSER *
* JUST A LITTLE BIT
* YEAH
* OOH, OOH-OOH-OOH
* I'M SO HOT
- KRCQ WEATHER,
IT'S HEATING UP.
- YEAH.
- * JUST A LITTLE
BIT CLOSER *
- THIS COFFEE'S FOR SHIT.
- SO JUSTIN'S
THE NEW KING OF BABYLON.
- SO THE, UH, CUB CAUGHT
THE LION'S PREY, HM.
- SO EVEN THOUGH YOU'D LIKE
TO REST ON YOUR LAURELS,
SECURE IN
YOUR POSITION OF POWER,
NOW YOU KNOW THEY'RE SNAPPING
AT YOUR HEELS.
AND YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO RUN FASTER AND FASTER...
- SO WHY DON'T YOU PASS
THE FUCKING SUGAR?
- YOU SHOULD BE
PROUD OF HIM.
LIKE FATHER, LIKE SON.
- [scoffs]
- HEY, ISN'T THAT BRENT?
- WHO'S BRENT?
- EMMETT'S OLD FLAME.
- MUST BE HIS NEW LOVE.
- WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- BEEN A LONG TIME.
- I'VE THOUGHT OF YOU...
OFTEN.
- YOU LOOK GOOD.
- YOU TOO.
YOU SEEING ANYONE?
- NOT REALLY.
YOU?
- WE JUST MET.
- SO YOU'LL BE FREE TONIGHT.
- PROBABLY.
WOULD YOU--
- DON'T!
WE CAN'T GO BACK.
I PREFER TO REMEMBER...
THE WAY WE WERE.
[emotional music]
*
- HEY!
[all clapping]
- HAIL TO THE KING.
- WHAT A NIGHT.
- SO HOW WAS HE?
- HE HAD THE GREATEST ASS.
I BROUGHT HIM BACK,
I FUCKED HIM ALL NIGHT.
I THINK MY DICK'S
GONNA BE SORE FOR A WEEK.
- THAT'S ENOUGH.
- ACTUALLY,
I'D LIKE TO HEAR MORE.
- SPEAK SLOWLY AND ENUNCIATE.
- UH, HE GAVE GREAT HEAD.
HE WANTED ME TO FUCK HIM
WITH MY CROWN ON.
IT'S KIND OF KINKY.
[all chuckle]
AFTER A WHILE THOUGH,
HE GOT REALLY CLINGY.
HE WANTED TO KNOW
WHEN HE COULD SEE ME AGAIN.
- SO WHAT'D YOU TELL HIM?
- I TOLD HIM THAT
HE COULD SEE ME IN HIS DREAMS.
- SO WHO'S UP FOR
THE ABSOLUTE ABS CONTEST?
- * BIG, THICK MUSCLES
*
* BIG, THICK MUSCLES
GIRLFRIEND,
LEMME TELL YA AGAIN.
I MET THIS MAN
THE OTHER NIGHT.
TIGHT, GLEAMING MUSCLES
RIPPIN' ALL OVER THE PLACE.
HE WAS MAKIN' ME HOT.
HE MADE ME WET AND
HE TURNED ME ON ALL NIGHT LONG.
DRIVIN' ME OUT OF MY MIND.
DRIVIN' ME OUT OF
MY MOTHERFUCKIN' MIND, GIRL.
YOU SHOULDA SEEN HIM.
AND YOU SHOULDA SEEN IT!
I'M TALKIN' 12 INCHES, BABY.
THEY SHOULD DEFINITELY
MAKE A MOLD OF HIS DICK.
HIS HOT, JUICY, WET DICK.
'CAUSE IT TURNED ME ON.
IT TURNED ME ON.
*
TURNED ME ON.
OH, MY GOD.
OH!
OH! OH!
OH! OHHH!
I'M COMING.
OHHHH!
* BIG, THICK MUSCLES
*